-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### 01-03-2020
# setting up Jekyll Theme step bt step

I have created jekyll theme with the help of following link.

[Link1](https://medium.com/@tordable/github-pages-as-blogging-platform-320524b1fffa)

[Link2](https://onextrapixel.com/start-jekyll-blog-github-pages-free/)

[Link3](https://is.gd/6DB6l8 )
This is my github page-
[Github](https://anushree199609.github.io/jekyll-theme-prologue/)

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### 28-02-2020
# Setting up SMS Gateway

[link](https://web.archive.org/web/20130928013544/https://www.x11.net/wiki/index.php
/setting_up_an_SMS_Gateway)

Understanding project related concepts:

Setting up an SMS Gateway

1 Introduction

2 Ingredients

2.1 Server

2.2 Cellphone Interface

3 Getting Started

3.1 Installing and configuring

3.2 Sending messages

4 Pitfalls and oddities

4.1 Duplicates

4.2 libmysql.so

5 Security

5.1 Basic security

5.2 Consider your users' privacy

6 Uses for an SMS gateway


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### 27-02-2020
# SMS over HTTP

- INTRODUCTION

SMS over HTTP is a Mobile technology that allows you to request and receive information from your student account on your mobile phone via short message service (SMS).Individual or adminstration can manage their acadmic section,check attendence,check result and check new activities using their mobile phones.There are two mwthods of SMS widely used in applications;they are the PUSH & PULL.  
Push SMS is sending a message from an application(i.e.SMS Server in this case) to the Mobile Phone.It is a one way message.In other words, it’s the mobile application (in this case, the SMS banking application) that initiates a message. 
Pull SMS is sending a request and obtaining a reply. This is a full duplex scenario where a user sends a request to the SMS banking application and the application replies with the information requested. An Example is when a user requests his attendence detail.

- How SMS Works

SMS stands for Short Message Service; it’s a mobile technology that allows for sending and re-ceiving text or even binary messages to and from a mobile phone. The relative ease of use of SMS makes it possible for a user to learn how to send SMS easily. More than 160 billion SMS are exchanged each month in European countries (Mavrakis, 2004).
SMS use the GSM special signaling channel instead of the voice channel and is therefore a very reliable media channel. MAVRAKIS, 2004 identifies two types of SMS which can be classified by the origin of the message
    Mobile Originated (MO): SMS-MOs’ are sent from a mobile phone and could be sent either to another mobile phone (such when a mobile subscriber sends a personal message to another subscriber) or to a computer application that will process the message.
    Mobile Terminated (MT): SMS-MTs’ are transmitted to a mobile phone. They also could be sent by another mobile phone or generated by a computer application.
The SMS processing computer applications usually runs on corporate servers that are connected to the SMS network through specialized connectors and gateways connected to the SMS Centers of mobile operators (Mavrakis, 2004).
These servers are assigned short numbers instead of the traditional 10-digits mobile numbers. These numbers, also known as short codes are usually 4 to 6 digits long. These numbers are op-erator specific. Also, a premium fee (a fee other than the fixed rates for SMS) can be charges on these short codes; in other words, users would pay more for sending SMS to short codes.

- Data  Minning in SMS

Due to the large number of Student and the large amount of data expected to be carried out using SMS Banking, there is a need for methodologies of Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining (KDD). Data mining is becoming increasingly common in both the private and public sectors. Industries such as banking, insurance, medicine, and retailing commonly use data mining to reduce costs, enhance research, and increase sales (Seifert, 2005).
The question to ask now is, “What is Data Mining?” Seifert (2005) defines Data Mining as the use of sophisticated data analysis tools to discover previously unknown, valid patterns and relationships in large data sets.


- Software Architecture

1.Socket overview

2.UDP ports

    • source port number

    • destination port number

    • datagram size

    • checksum

3.Using UDP socket


- Literature Reviews

This Chapter presents the review of Related Literature and Studies, as well as other pertinent data and articles cultivated from the sources gathered from the Internet, books, government schools, and Library. Local and Foreign context are taken into consideration in the review process. The Related Literature comprises particular subject for the basis of the evaluation and implementation of the study. The Related Studies compose of published and unpublished research studies. Other Related Materials such as articles and internet reviews provide information in support for the study.

For the last 5 years, many Student Information System (SIS) projects for teaching and learning were reported in the literature. In this section, some of the projects are highlighted.


- OBJECTIVES


1.To make an Auto Display system over  SMS.

2.To display HTTP interface to fetch details.

3.To use AI to generate reports.



- REQUIREMENT ANALYSIS


Hardware Specification

CPU Speed: 2GHz recommended or higher

Processor: Pentium Processor or above

Memory/RAM: 1GB minimum,2GB recommended or higher

Size of Hard Disk:60 GB minimum
 
Software Specification

Language Used:  Python

Framework Used : Django

Database used : Mysql
         
Operating System:  Ubuntu


- FUTURE  SCOPE

In the course of the work, we identified areas that we need to carry out further work. These areas are useful in the internal processes and how the SMS could be handled in the any academic operations. The areas identified are the security and privacy of the SMS in education system.

                                                       
- REFERENCES

  
[1] Boukas, et al. (2009). Pandora: An SMS-oriented m-informational system for educational realms. Journal of Network and Computer

Applications,[Online]32(3),684-702.Available at:

http://www.sciencedirect.com/science 

[2] So, S., 2009. The development of a SMS-based teaching and learning system. Journal of Educational Technology Development and Exchange, Available at :
                           www.sicet.org/jetde/jetde09/simon.pdf



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### 21-02-2020
# SoftwareCarpentery Bash Script
I have read  the concept software carpentry script.

It has made me clear number of unix shell concept.

[Unix Shell](https://swcarpentry.github.io/shell-novice/)

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### 19-02-2020
# How to remove last three line from multiple files?

Script.sh
 

#!/bin/bash

for f in *.txt 


do

 #tail command display the last 3 line and sed is used for delete the last line of the file

tail -3 $f | sed -i '$d' $f | sed -i '$d' $f | sed -i '$d' $f ;

done

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


### 18-02-2020 
# How to change multiple file extension?
 
Script.sh

#!/bin/bash

srcpath=$1

dstpath=$2  

echo $srcpath                     #print source directory name

echo $dstpath                     #print destination directory name

mkdir -p "$dstpath"               #Make a directory

cp -r $srcpath/* $dstpath         #Copy source file into destination file

for srcpath                       #check the source directory

 do
 
  for files in $(ls $dstpath/*.*);                    #check the all file with in destination directory  
     
   do
     
 echo  $(mv -v $files  ${files%.*}.txt)                  #remove the extension  into another extension
 
 done
 
   done  
   
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
### 29-1-2020 
# How to install the kali linux 2020.1 step by step
# [Kali-Linux](https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=11&cad=rja&uact=8&ved=2ahUKEwjes-iAuOznAhVv63MBHY0hBm0QFjAKegQIAhAB&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.hackingarticles.in%2Fhow-to-install-kali-linux-step-by-step-guide%2F&usg=AOvVaw191RziHDy1A8XHNXEqcrDA)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
